Now let's talk about a feature called EFS Access Points,
which is a feature to easily manage your application
access to your NFS environments.
You can enforce a POSIX user and group to use this access
point when accessing the file system.
And the idea is that using this access point,
you're going to be able to restrict access to a specific
directory within the file system
and also you can optionally,
specify a different route directory,
which could be quite handy.
And access from the NFS clients
to the access points can be done using IAM policies.
So here's an example,
we have an EFS file system that's going to be shared
across your entire company
but has different folders under the routes.
There is a data folder,
the secret folder and the config folder,
and we want different users to access different parts of
your EFS file system.
So if you create an EFS access point 1
with a UID of 1001 and a GID of 1001
and the default path to be /config,
then by setting up the correct permissions,
you can ensure that your developers, users or group
can only access your /config subdirectory
within your EFS file system and make it the root folder.
And so the idea is that, thanks to this access point,
they will be only accessing that part
of your EFS file system.
We can do it as well for a second group, for example,
the analytics group.
And again, you would set up a different UID,
a different GID and maybe a different path as well
for the routes of their access.
And again, this will be all regulated by IAM permissions.
And so the idea is that your EFS file system can be used
by many different groups,
but with their own restrictions and their own permissions.
So this is the whole idea behind EFS Access Points.
Okay, so let's see how we can create an access point.
So let's go into Access points on the left hand side
and create one.
So here we have to choose a file system
to attach to this access point
so I'll choose the one that I've created.
Then we can name this access point.
So DemoAccessPoints,
and then pretty cool,
we could specify a root directory path.
So for example, I can say /data.
Is the directory going to be accessed as a new route
for this specific access point?
Because I just want my users to access
this /data directory in my EFS.
We could specify, optionally, a POSIX user to be identified
on this access points but I will not specify it.
You could also have a root directory creation permission,
that's specified right here, but I will not do it as well.
This is optional.
And sometimes for this access point.
So once the access point is created, as you can see,
you can see it in this window.
Now let me click on it.
And so this access point has a specific access point ARN,
as you can see here.
And if I wanted to be able to melt this access point onto
my UC two instances,
then you can use this EFS Mount helper in here,
and you would melt this EFS access point directly onto your
is two instances to regulate how they are accessing it.
And if you wanted more information,
you can see the user guide.
This is out of scope.
I just wanted to show you all the steps and I'm good to go.
So that's it, just to finish yourself.
Please delete your access point and you're good to go.
That's it.
I will see you in the next lecture.